Update README.md (#5)
gluonhq/EmbeddedSceneBuilderDemo: README.md

# EmbeddedSceneBuilderDemo

> JavaFX simple demo application that embeds Scene Builder Kit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simple JavaFX demo application that embeds Scene Builder Kit
```

## Components

### SceneBuilderPane

It is a `StackPane` that holds the Scene Builder Kit integration by adding a `SplitPane` container with three items: 
- to the left, the library section and the document section (that holds hierarchy and controller sections)
- center: the content area
- to the right, the inspector section

> in the same way that the Scene Builder application does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the same way the Scene Builder application does.
```

### SBController

> Holds the operations that can be done over the SceneBuilderPane, namely the handlers to some usual actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Holds the operations that can be done in the SceneBuilderPane, namely the handlers of some usual actions:
```
